Updates to packaging/deployment markdown files (#4361)
Particular/ServiceControl: docs/deployment.md

# Deployment

All ServiceControl deployment options listed below rely on the files produced by [packaging](packaging.md). During packaging, deployment binaries are created in the `deploy` directory, some of which are packaged into zip files in the `zips` folder, and other deployment artifacts are built from these pieces.

## ServiceControl installer

> The zips are packaged as embedded resources in the ServiceControl Management Utility (the "installer").

Reviewer: As mentioned in the packaging doc, they are actually embedded in the installer assembly, not directly in the SCMU exe. Does this matter for this documentation? Not sure,

Author: Yeah just meant to mean "In there somewhere" and I can't think of a better way to say it without repeating everything in packaging.md.

Reviewer: Maybe this could just say that SCMU is self-contained single exe that has everything inside it?

Author: This good?
```suggestion
The zips are packaged as embedded resources in the ServiceControl Management Utility. Although technicall embedded in a specific assembly, ServiceControl Management is shipped as a self-contained, single-file executable that has everything inside it.
```

> When installing an instance using one of the above method instance files, the following binaries are unzipped together to form a complete instance:

Reviewer: > When installing an instance using one of the above method instance files

Huh?

- Application & persistence files
- Selected transport

> - RavenDB server files (ServiceControl and Audit only)

Reviewer: This list of files doesn't seem to line up with what actually gets unzipped.

For example, all transports are on disk, not just the one selected.

Author: Added a couple lines, should be closer to the full truth now.

A configuration file generated based on:

- User input (and defaults)

> - Contents of the `transport.manifest` and `persister.manifest` file for the selected transport and persister.

Reviewer: I know a version of this line already existed, but in what way are the contents of the manifest files used to create a config file?
